Due to my perspective on applicability of the gained knowledge, I chose my specific courses in the areas of electronics and instrumentation. As a hobby I projected, implemented and programed a few personal projects with a home developed plataform. During one of my volunteering experiences (described in the next field) I enjoyed developing my communication and management skills in the area of science and technology.

I'd love to work in areas related to technology. The branch of health related technology would be the most motivating. Consulting and certification or implementation of technology such as detectors, sensors, measurement systems or related subjects is what I'm aspiring to work at, however, any technology or science related consulting would be very satisfying.

For the coming three to six years, I'm looking into a high performance job where the high rewards for the high efforts are experience, expertise and a carrier ascension.The subsequent five years I'm likely to be settling for a more stable and predictable position. Family is a main personal project.



To fulfil my desire of communication and relationship cultivation I joined "Núcleo de Física do Instituto Superior Técnico".  Here, I started presenting experiments. Astounding everyone with simple yet unexpected experimental results and then making these results obvious and predictable to an audience ranging from 4 to 78 in age including illiterates, students and graduates from the most diverse fields of study, was a great challenge to my comprehension, abridgment and communication skills. I was then invited to be the director of the  "Circo da Física" independent section of this organization. From 2008 to 2010, managed material, financial and human resorces to organize some of the most attended and satisfying editions of "Semana da Física" and "Física Sobre Rodas". In the subsequent two years I served as menber of the general meeting board. Coordenating with the executive direction, a reformulation/rectification of some legal issues was carried out.

In 2009 I "accidentaly" found myself in a camp with foster children. There I experienced that that the most important moments of everyone's life are undetachable of the people with whom we live them. Since then, I´ve been part of a group of young people who want to be an inspiring part of these future adults lives.  

I've always loved music and dramatics. Throgh the years I participated in a rock band with several concerts, a drama group - during my high school years - with roles in three yearly presentations, recorded and produced two CDs, and joined several other artistic events. 